Changing from Tag to Log Parsing (#7369)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/processors.md

{{< img src="logs/processing/processors/attribute_post_remapping.png" alt="attribute post remapping "  style="width:40%;">}}

> Constraints on the tag/attribute name are explained in the [Log Parsing - Best Practices documentation][5]. Some additional constraints are applied as `:` or `,` are not allowed in the target tag/attribute name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constraints on the tag/attribute name are explained in the [Tagging documentation][5]. Some additional constraints are applied as `:` or `,` are not allowed in the target tag/attribute name.
```

Reviewer: `[5]` should link to `/tagging/#defining-tags`
